Just notes for me:

This app is a tool for a friend of mine to use for D&D. He would like to experiment with rolling initiative
(which determine turn order in combat) every round, not just at the beginning of an encounter. However, asking
players to reroll every round and then order them properly would be extremely tedious and time consuming.
So I'm making an app to do it for him. The biggest challenge is making it available to him. It was easy enough to
write a script that will do this via command line (simply a 1d20 dice roll + initiative bonus and then sorted) but
I would like to add additional functionality and make it available to him on his phone. The additional functions
require a GUI as a CLI script is too tedious to use for this. These functions include keeping track of each characters
armor class, health, passive perceptions, saves, and spell DC. All the information a DM typically needs to know about
his players. Allowing him to track health is especially helpful, since he will need to include enemies and npcs.

The GUI is another challenge. I decided on Kivy because it can be used for iOS (my phone) and Android (his phone), and
uses Python (which I have been wanting to learn and work with.

ToDo: Build a GUI
First, open a menu that lets the user choose between 3 options:
    1. Upload default characters (specific to our game)
    2. Load saved characters (last used set of characters, I will allow users to save their current setup
    3. Upload a custom file, something that can allow a user to create a list of characters in a txt file prior
Note: I still need to make uploading from a txt file possible. Debating between string, JSON, and protocol buffers.
        Strings are simplest, JSON is more prevalent and versatile (a better choice honestly), and protocol buffers
        are the newest. They look excellent, but getting it set up could be a challenge. JSON is more likely to be
        supported and not cause issues down the line.


Next, it will display a list of characters and their stats, in order of current initiative.

From here the user should have numerous options.
    1. Change a characters stats by clicking on the stat in question
    2. Add or remove characters from the list
    3. Reroll initiatives (all of them).
    4. When adding a character, it should be possible to add it in initiative order without re-rolling everyone else.
        Nick may find this useful enough to use normally, and in that case he may decide not to roll initiative every
        single round.

Finally, I'd like to have a couple options outside of combat. These include:
    1. "Long Rest" (reset all health to max)
    2. Save current list: Write to default or custom txt file, saving all current characters.
    3. Sort by name: Simply sort by alphabetical order, easier to find and adjust characters this way out of combat
        when initiative isn't a factor.


Should this prove useful, we can make changes so that it isn't quite so specific to this party.

We should also get this up on GitHub for show while applying to jobs and such.
